hey it was good working on my page
sneaker fetish for 20 but today we have
another shoot video another shoe review
today I'm at this zoom kobe fives in the
midwest gold and concord blue colorway
retail for 130 so let's just get into it
now these were a quick strike these were
released on opening night at 12 eastern
time during a Lakers game so you got
your Midwest gold swoosh got your laser
etching of the five written numerically
or you know just verbally then blue kind
of fades to this Midwest gold up here
goes all around the toolbox got your
translucent 24 the top at the toe box
after five concord kobe logo concord now
forgot your edging as well as a round
neck opposite side of the shoe same
thing that's your different variations
of five now the midsole is at concord
and midwest gold kind of like no fading
into each other it's a big gold swoosh
more the same type laser etching got
these holes here for breathability
outside back of the heel cup and
jacobean signature that's your
contrasting fabric here
I got the Kobe for rings as well very
similar in color at least he's got an
icy bottom though and I Jacoby logo here
carbon fiber plate that's your pattern
here for traction another hit of Midwest
gold so overall I thought these were
really nice shoes probably one of the
best color waits for the fives I think
it's probably you know one of the best
ways to go out on such as you you know
fives are great for playing basketball
or just you know hanging out I also
coming out with the inks i pre-ordered
those as well so soon as I get those I'm
gonna do my last video for i guess the
kobe 5 just rate comment and subscribe
and just let me know what your thing
zoom kobe 55 ring ceremony
you